TEAM-7 

This project was written for Knox College's CS-322 class

# The Goal
Our team is creating a testing framework for Micheal C Gertin's Molecule Modeling project. It is currently designed to run tests 
on Input 1 from the InputMatrix and on test ASE1 from the TestMatrix.


# Project Structure
```
DataFiles/
├── csv
│   ├── AT
│   ├── CT
│   ├── Data_AT
│   ├── Data_CT
│   ├── InputMatrix
│   ├── TestMatrix
│   └── Tracefile
└── parquet
```


# File Descriptions

### Abstract and Concrete tests (AT|CT)-<test-name-in-TestMatrix.csv>(__(GE|LE))?\.csv:
These files were provided by professor Gertin to act as theoretical outputs and documentation for a wide variety of tests.
* Generated by the Molecule Modeling project.
* The purpose of the "Data_" prefixed files is currently unspecified by the client
* The purpose of the "GE/LE" suffixed files is currently unspecified by the client

### CS322-SP2024-Core-main/FullSampleTestANDTrace/InputMatrix.csv  
This file contains information about the starting points for the variables in each reaction.  
Each line consists of an input id, and the values for several variables. Given the trace file named according to the input id, the variables defined are the starting points for each reaction. Any variable present in the trace files but not in the Input Matrix should have a default value of 0. 
* The Input IDs correspond to the names of the corresponding trace file, with the extension .csv

### CS322-SP2024-Core-main/FullSampleTestANDTrace/TestMatrix.csv  
This file contains the formulas for the reactions that we want to test. Each line consists of a reaction in terms of user-defined time T, which must equal the exact same reaction defined in terms of Z

### Trace files (in CS322-SP2024-Core-main/FullSampleTestANDTrace/)
These are the files that are primarily evaluated. Once an Input and Test are selected, the program will evaluate these traces to see if they pass
* Trace files are named after the Input ID's in the InputMatrix
* These files are named similarly to the input id numbers corrseponding to those in theoInputMatrix.csv

## Unknowns
* Difference between AT/CT files and Data-AT/Data-CT files?
* Difference between AT/CT ... GE vs LE vs (none of these labels) files?
* What are we supposed to do with the Concrete and Abstract tests?

### Github Workflow
The GitHub workflow is contained in .github/workflows/test_suite.yaml.
* "run" lines specify a shell command to execute, such as running a test file
* Any .yaml file in .github/workflows is elgible to run as a Github workflow upon every push

### How to import an object from another Python file in the same directory:
```from mypyfile.py import MyObject```


# Class documentation
### class MatrixParser
```from MatrixParser import MatrixParser```
* Accepts a trace file as a Pandas Dataframe
* parse(T, Z) evaluates the expression at times T and Z, and returns a boolean result


